hey what's up guys this graph graphics
here with a live commentary for you guys
I'm playing TDM using the what was the
m27 IAR yep
that's what it's called a line
machine-gun I haven't discussed the
Beast oh come on
first F right there I am doing good
come on and she's talking more kills
cost stuff like that it's not copied
anymore
oh not for a second oh yeah for who I
was I'm using the support strap package
oh come on
or he had to open it he had to cipher
well we're wetting out where they at
well are they I think I missed old guy
damn it
come on can't be playing at this it's
all quiet now
what yes
payback
boy that council the hell off
oh he came from the other side as well
okay I was really bad I was really bad
damn it damn it no
terasaka longer we're not being good if
I didn't get not at all
you're sliding across okay this long guy
that's gonna come out from somewhere
here whoa come on
okay that's really bad okay well I'm
gonna talk to 712 to 7 friendly sad calm
active
oh come on he had to come out now
ah damn it
I think this samana not so I'm just
cramping up here
I know can stop him
only I can
come back
come on come on come in hi Matt I was
looking at the time and I flowed nicely
we our first time trying out the
juggernaut recon certainly I played to
come out then over here
O'Reilly's away from the map you feel
okay absolutely
I have it was a quote a walk on radar
that's what I like to call it
Carlisle its Lewis I'm walking on their
radar screen on just beep him
but this guy is he's really slow oh come
on I got killed
okay but let me try my what's he lost
out yeah I've used this before I'm not
really good with it I don't have to get
any kill the battle okay so for my cash
offer
okay I need you back away back away oh
come on don't mind he kills he kills the
guy rage for me what that is gone
games glitched oh come on if he was
camping
, we lost our campus it was I had to
camp at the end they knew they were
gonna lose 18 to 14 if you guys enjoy
this country please make sure to LIKE
subscribe and keep watching my videos
thanks for watching and bye